---
keywords: fastai
title: "Trimester 3 Multiple Choice Quiz 1"
toc: true
branch: master
badges: true
comments: true
author: Shreya Ahuja
categories: [fastpages, notes, collegeboard]
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-03-12-mc1.ipynb
layout: notebook
---
## Collegeboard Score: 35/39 (89.7%)

## General Reflection 
My final score was 35/39 which I was pretty happy with. Although I got a good score, I believe that I need to get better with my timing on these assessments. I've been taking way too much time trying to understand the questions and trying to find the correct answer, but I will not have this much time on the AP Exam. I think I need to go through each of the modules and make sure I understand each concept fully, so that I will not have to take time doing this on the test. I will know what to do after reading the code segment, rather than trying to think on the spot.

## AP College Board 39 Question Test Corrections

- Question 19
    - The correct answer choice would be Choice C. In Condition I, the while loop will not execute, since 1, the value of x, is not less than 0, so nothing will be printed. In Condition II, the while loop will execute one time, since 1, the value of x is less than or equal to 1, however, 1 is not even, so nothing will be printed. The value of x will then be incremented to 3, which is not less than or equal to 1, and the loop will terminate. When taking the test, I did not choose Option III, even though that would also not execute. The while loop will execute for x having the value 1, 3, 5, 7, and 9. When x becomes 11 the loop will terminate. Even though the loop executes multiple times, the values assigned to x are not even, so nothing is printed.



- Question 31
   - The correct answer for this would be Choice E. My answer was incorrect because that would require loops across the entire board with alternating checks for when rows and columns were even or odd. The correct answer would have been E because it correctly shows how the "x" are incremented across the board and hwo they are places based off their original position. 



- Question 37
    - The answer to the question is E, but I chose B. For the answer that I chose, I correctly stated that Choice II was correct. But, I did not think of Choice III also being correct, which is why I got the answer wrong. Choice III starts by adding the elements of words to temp in reverse order. The second loop starts at the beginning of temp (which was the end of words) and adds each subsequent element to result until it reaches the element that was at startIndex and is now at temp.length – startIndex resulting in result containing the required elements in reverse order.


- Question 39
    - I got this question wrong because I did not know how Java implemented the set function. I assumed it was one way, which was wrong, and caused me to get the wrong answer. Answer C would have been right because the first for loop uses the set method to change the value of each element in students to “Alex”. When the set method is called, it returns the value that was originally at this index. So, the first loop will print Alex Bob Carl. At this point all elements have been set to “Alex”. The second for loop uses an enhanced for loop to access every element and will print Alex Alex Alex.





